[OKTA-798712] TOC and links changes (#5108)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/user-query/index.md

This query parameter provides the largest range of search options and optimal performance. The `search` parameter requires URL encoding for applicable search expressions, supports pagination, and accepts sorting parameters.

> The search query parameter uses standard Okta API filtering semantics to create search criteria that includes mathematical operators such as equal to (`eq`), greater than or equal to (`ge`), and so on. You can combine multiple expressions using logical operators and parentheses. The `ne` (not equal) operator isn't supported, but you can obtain the same result by using `lt ... or ... gt`. For example, to see all users except those that have a status of "STAGED", use `https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/users?search=status+lt+%22STAGED%22+or+status+gt+%22STAGED%22`. See [Filtering](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/#filter).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The search query parameter uses standard Okta API filtering semantics to create search criteria. This criteria includes mathematical operators such as equal to (`eq`), greater than or equal to (`ge`), and so on. You can combine multiple expressions using logical operators and parentheses. The `ne` (not equal) operator isn't supported, but you can obtain the same result by using `lt ... or ... gt`. For example, to see all users except those that have a status of "STAGED", use `https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/users?search=status+lt+%22STAGED%22+or+status+gt+%22STAGED%22`. See [Filtering](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/#filter).
```

### Limits and pagination

> You can include the parameters `limit` and `after` in search expressions to limit the return of user records and to access the [pagination](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/#pagination) cursor location. By using the `after` parameter with the `limit` parameter, you can define the cursor location in the data set and manage the user records per page. The cursor is an opaque value that is obtained through the link header [next link relation](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/#link-header).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can include the parameters `limit` and `after` in search expressions to limit the return of user records and to access the [pagination](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/#pagination) cursor location. By using the `after` parameter with the `limit` parameter, you can define the cursor location in the data set and manage the user records per page. The cursor is an opaque value that's that you can obtain through the link header [next link relation](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/#link-header).
```
